content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
client_logos:
  - name: "Customer 1"
    logo: "/images/logos/customer-1.png"
  - name: "Customer 2"
    logo: "/images/logos/customer-2.png"
  - name: "Customer 3"
    logo: "/images/logos/customer-3.png"
  - name: "Customer 4"
    logo: "/images/logos/customer-4.png"
  - name: "Customer 5"
    logo: "/images/logos/customer-5.png"
testimonials:
  - name: "John Smith"
    title: "CTO at TechStartup"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "We built our SaaS website in record time. The performance is incredible, and our users love the modern, clean design."
  - name: "Sarah Johnson"
    title: "Founder at WebFlow"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "The combination of Hugo and TailwindCSS delivers lightning-fast performance. Our website loads instantly, which has significantly improved our conversion rates."
  - name: "Michael Chen"
    title: "Lead Developer at CloudTech"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "This theme made it easy to create a professional SaaS website. The build times are incredibly fast, and the code is clean and maintainable."
---

{{< hero 
    headline="Build Your SaaS Website"
    sub_headline="Create stunning, responsive websites that load instantly. Built with Hugo and TailwindCSS for maximum performance and flexibility."
    primary_button_text="Get Started Free"
    primary_button_url="#"
    secondary_button_text="View Demo"
    secondary_button_url="#"
    hero_image="/images/hero-dashboard.svg"
    gradient-from="#dbeafe"
    gradient-to="#f3e8ff"
    gradient-angle="180"
>}}

{{< client-logos animate="true" >}}

{{< features-section 
    title="Modern Features for Modern Websites"
    description="Discover how our theme helps you build fast, beautiful SaaS websites with ease."
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Lightning-Fast Performance"
    description="Leverage Hugo's blazing-fast build times and optimized output. Your website loads instantly, providing an exceptional user experience."
    badge="Performance"
    badgeColor="#2563eb"
    image="/images/feature-1.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/performance/"
    features="Sub-second page loads,Optimized assets,Minimal JavaScript,CDN-ready output"
    imagePosition="right"
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Beautiful Design System"
    description="Create stunning user interfaces with our comprehensive design system built on TailwindCSS. Customize everything to match your brand."
    badge="Design"
    badgeColor="#7c3aed"
    image="/images/feature-2.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/design-system/"
    features="Modern UI components,Responsive design,Custom typography,Flexible layouts"
    imagePosition="left"
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Developer Experience"
    description="Enjoy a seamless development experience with hot reload, component-based architecture, and clean, maintainable code."
    badge="Development"
    badgeColor="#16a34a"
    image="/images/feature-3.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/developer-experience/"
    features="Component system,Easy customization,Clean code,Detailed documentation"
    imagePosition="right"
>}}

{{< /features-section >}}

{{< testimonials 
    title="Trusted by Modern Web Teams"
    description="See how teams are building better websites with our theme."
    animate="true"
    background-color="#f1f5f9"
>}}

{{< cta >}}

Commit message:

updated the logo and hero section

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
testimonials:
  - name: "John Smith"
    title: "CTO at TechStartup"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "We built our SaaS website in record time. The performance is incredible, and our users love the modern, clean design."
  - name: "Sarah Johnson"
    title: "Founder at WebFlow"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "The combination of Hugo and TailwindCSS delivers lightning-fast performance. Our website loads instantly, which has significantly improved our conversion rates."
  - name: "Michael Chen"
    title: "Lead Developer at CloudTech"
    avatar: "/images/testimonial-1.svg"
    quote: "This theme made it easy to create a professional SaaS website. The build times are incredibly fast, and the code is clean and maintainable."
---

{{< hero 
    headline="Automate Your Customer Lifecycle"
    sub_headline="Seamlessly sync Stripe payments and subscriptions with HubSpot CRM. Streamline customer onboarding, automate interactions, and enhance your business operations with real-time data synchronization."
    primary_button_text="Get Started Free"
    primary_button_url="#"
    secondary_button_text="View Demo"
    secondary_button_url="#"
    hero_image="/images/hero-dashboard.svg"
    gradient-from="#bfdbfe"
    gradient-to="#ffffff"
    gradient-angle="135"
>}}

{{< features-section 
    title="Modern Features for Modern Websites"
    description="Discover how our theme helps you build fast, beautiful SaaS websites with ease."
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Lightning-Fast Performance"
    description="Leverage Hugo's blazing-fast build times and optimized output. Your website loads instantly, providing an exceptional user experience."
    badge="Performance"
    badgeColor="#2563eb"
    image="/images/feature-1.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/performance/"
    features="Sub-second page loads,Optimized assets,Minimal JavaScript,CDN-ready output"
    imagePosition="right"
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Beautiful Design System"
    description="Create stunning user interfaces with our comprehensive design system built on TailwindCSS. Customize everything to match your brand."
    badge="Design"
    badgeColor="#7c3aed"
    image="/images/feature-2.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/design-system/"
    features="Modern UI components,Responsive design,Custom typography,Flexible layouts"
    imagePosition="left"
>}}

{{< feature
    title="Developer Experience"
    description="Enjoy a seamless development experience with hot reload, component-based architecture, and clean, maintainable code."
    badge="Development"
    badgeColor="#16a34a"
    image="/images/feature-3.svg"
    buttonText="Learn More"
    buttonLink="/features/developer-experience/"
    features="Component system,Easy customization,Clean code,Detailed documentation"
    imagePosition="right"
>}}

{{< /features-section >}}

{{< testimonials 
    title="Trusted by Modern Web Teams"
    description="See how teams are building better websites with our theme."
    animate="true"
    background-color="#f1f5f9"
>}}

{{< cta >}}
